I got the easy and thomas bat i just got
a little too bad he's just one over the
first shock i would had a chance it's
all about just the half dozen thinking
around these guys it's training and we
all better view but you know just don't
matter have fun fantasy we ought to know
they don't throw the top card reader I'm
trying to give myself like a status come
on that means making skills challenge
and compete we surprised how badly you
leave a fantastic pocket seem like you
that always seem like there's more time
you got me missile which I thank you for
going to cut out what time is second I
mean how do you doing a practice you
might be good in Franco yeah oh hi mrs.
richest man this one everything miss me
i miss what about the outlets at nothing
in particular artists it's ever so
merciful okay you know what Toby the
from I knew dr. Kostich didn't first
shot even if I was you got one probably
just all weekend mr. Pat is always cares
just one in AVP yesterday is greatest so
I really enjoy myself dating my family's
out here enjoying the whole moment Oh to
be back on your senses for the nation
but everything's all started cuz it
tiring I mean you're not playing
40-minute NBA game where there's a lot
of time even through champy gotta make
me pass say you mess up into my precious
gems yes a good time but not not a hurry
just kind of weekend in general you know
yeah we did Rick event last night
there's all kinds of stuff in our before
and afterwards what do you say you
trying to not get up early so random
Blake us to ground whatever yeah what
you got
when you thought rather than see I just
seen the quite number one on
they got comes the street sigh
inductances you are excited contents
embrace you already uncork your bounce
pass upper floor out of the youth though
so is there a better a loop you have in
store Oh No Graduate Center is that this
for the moment that's not responding and
you seemed like a sign a treaty anywhere
around so two main focus was just trying
to borrow the blame on the overstepping
here you know just let me go get in to
see you family my mom my brother
my sister stepmom let's talk about their
father Blake's going to jump over a car
I think was a green car on the NBA court
can only see now my personality to Scott
Walker is that the outside so I just see
if they can pull it off with you
car
over on the Sun your your mother
involved in the top view
get the project
Michael right here that's all I just
excitement you are creativity and it
does just talk about the excitement you
guys are able to generate oh yeah how
was it how much
first
questions
yes
engine
what
I
NBA interchange so if the fans are
either change available if you don't
know